the leg
very fine darling I was watching in
twitter one of these associations
specifically taking care of waivers and
was the face of the lyric this pretty
dog would be the next week already
we were in the park mexico comes if
he got along well with lucas
lucas is the dachshund on the day
inpec of mini and then everyone said
that got along very well
they came to say the big lie that the
male was lucas the alpha male the macho
alfa was lucas díaz the mini and good dalí
the pitbull came to live in the house
they have a very bad reputation so the
human beings have been
doing four styles have been for
fights and others but they have done it alone
humans not animals but
They are very good dogs with women
they are very very Peruvian can the
Housekeepers are very territorial
and they are really lovely
sitting behind
and I go to zero my four and then
came slowly in front of me gabino
I was going to her and you know the
another side a car slows down to help the
car frightens it goes right to the side
the slowness a girl starts to
run around with the title then when
I turn a truck and it comes straight
comes dentists running in front of
truck and it will get there managed to jump
but the truck paws his leg like
the dog I wrap so that I do not
Bite the way to the car I talk to Gabi
I get the vet and there
the story started inside with us
I really did not want to rescue her but
I think that couples need to be
congruent in terms of their covenants that
they make love and relationship really what
I think when they reviewed it in the
veterinary the in took x-rays and
I had all the bowels full of
trash the rope had cancer and the
They had surgery but no longer has cancer or is
as who says is an advanced for everything
they operated and took away that this already
it is and it is already good
now comes the neurotic confusion of
Luke
and that with neurotic function turned
back that is short, very well placed
which is turned around
Muertito crowd turned around muertito
ok sitting here you earned it